# CS255-Final-Project

***Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?***
The client for this system was DriverPass. Its owner, Liam, wants the system to offer driver training so that more people pass their driving test at the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV). DriverPass’s solution to this problem is to create a web-based system that allows customers (people preparing for their driving test) to participate in online materials, DMV lessons, and driving lessons that will help them pass their driving test. 

***What did you do particularly well?***
I feel I was proficient in identifying the variety of requirements for the project and creating solutions for each of them that aligned with what DriverPass envisioned with their system. I believe that my diagrams also accurately captured the different parts needed for the system.

***If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?***
In the Systems Design Document, there is a section that asks for the student to list all the technical requirements needed for this system. I feel that although I provided good details on what requirements would be needed, I do not yet have the experience to identify all the necessary technical components needed to create and maintain a system of that magnitude. I am positive that as my experience with Computer Science grows that this will become less of an issue.

***How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?***
I carefully read the interview transcript provided with the project multiple times. I then conveyed how the system would operate as a whole and from each user's perspective through multiple diagrams to include Use Case Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, and Class Diagrams. I also took what the user desired for their system and provided the best means of solutions in regards to performance, security, and ease-of-use in my Business and System documents. For example, the owner did not want to have much focus on the back up and security of data with the system so I decided that using Cloud Services would be ideal for the situation. It is important to consider each user's needs with the system to ensure that the system offers completeness and value to the client. It also lessens the chances of changes and errors being introduced in current and later phases of the System's Life Cycle that could have been avoided.

***How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?***
I approach designing software using a variety of techniques and by following the SDLC. Though it was not particularly utilized with this system, I like to analyze the current system as well the new system. I feel this is important because there may be certain parts of the current system that need integrated or reintroduced for the system to be made more efficient. It also aids in determing the shortcomings that brought about the need for a new system. Another technique I would like to use that was not included in this project is talking to multiple employees of the company rather than just the owner and IT officer. This offers more perspective and accuracy to the users and functions that will be evident within the system.
